## key materials to expand
- Instances and concrete examples of a concept.
In what animal / country / region / real life scenario?
Where? How long? How many?

- Consequence of a concept.
e.g. social and political effect of an economic phenomenon

- Related concetps.
antonym, analogue, etc...

## utilizing different principles
### outlier principle
- Push a concept to the extreme
- Search for a concrete instance 
> what is inflation? -> what's the highest inflation rate in US history? 

- More specified: transform an abstract concept into more tangible evidence)
> which country has the highest inflation rate currently? -> what is the higest value of banknotes in Zimbabwe? 

### generality principle
- accumulate multiple examples that show similar trend
(this kind of question seems more likely to be naturally generated by learners)

### contradiction principle
- Find example and counter example
> How does electric synapse work? -> Why are there many electric synapse in simple nervous system but less in mammal cortex?

-Construct hypothetical scenarios and ask "why not".
>  How does electric synapse work?  -> If electric synapse is faster than chemical synapse, why don't our cortex use more of that?

### benefit principle
- Find the connection between the concept and student as a person
> What is inflation? -> NYU states that the increased tuition is due to overall inflation in recent years*, how to tell if this is plausible?
(* fake example.)

- Find the connection between the concept and its consequence upon real life

- Find an instance where the concept has some practical application
> What is inflation? -> Why do people tend to spend rather than save if the inflation rate is high?

- "Role-play" questions
> What is inflation? -> If you were a businessman, how do you deal with a high inflation rate? If you were the head of world bank?
